feat: style serving (#1711)
urbica/martin: docs/src/config-file.md

  # A list of *.otf, *.ttf, and *.ttc font files and dirs to search recursively.
  - /path/to/font/file.ttf
  - /path/to/font_dir

# We support serving styles
# In the future, we plan on adding support for rendering too
styles:
   paths:

>      # all files in this dir will be published as a "styles_dir_FILENAME" style source

Reviewer: this is not very clear, perhaps something like this?  Note that I don't think we want to keep dir name in the style... or do we?   We may even introduce some setting like `id_format` (similar to `source_id_format` for postgres), where we could have `"{parent2}_{parent1}_{filename}"` e.g. to preserve two levels of the dir as a possible configuration for this... But this might be an overkill.

As a separate thought - a style usually has fonts+sprites.  Currently all of them are independent global assets. In theory, it might make sense for a style designer to somehow keep one style dir with all the needed stuff in it... Or am I overthinking it, and it is better to have independent assets and styles?

```suggestion
     # each json file in this dir will publish as style
     # The name of the file will be used as the style name
```

Author: > it might make sense for a style designer to somehow keep one style dir with all the needed stuff in it... Or am I overthinking it, and it is better to have independent assets and styles?

I toyed around with parsing the files for "is this actually json", but wanted to get an "intial draft" out the door that is not too weird compared to the other things..
If I just parse if it is json, this would behave more like the sprite part.

Sprites currently look at all the files which are not hidden and have the `.svg` ending..

Will look into adding further validation on which to skip importing if that is fine with you ^^

Reviewer: yes, that's actually another consideration i haven't mentioned - that a style file should really be "style" rather than some random file that just happened to have `.json` extension, but I agree - lets do validation later on.  I was more thinking in terms of if we want to have any support for "entire style in a dir" model, that includes stylesheet, fonts, and sprites all together.  I do suspect that it won't be very valuable because many things like highway shields are shared across multiple styles

  # A list of *.otf, *.ttf, and *.ttc font files and dirs to search recursively.
  - /path/to/font/file.ttf
  - /path/to/font_dir

# We support serving styles
# In the future, we plan on adding support for rendering too

> styles:

Author: TODO:
Discuss how we want to add rendering-related config options here, to make sure that this does not feel awkward/..

Reviewer: I think this should work (per style options are probably overkill, so likely will just keep the top level)

```yaml
styles:
  render: true
  render_formats: [ 'png', 'jpg' ]
  render_dpi: [ 1, 2 ]
  paths:
    # each json file in this dir will publish as style
    # The name of the file will be used as the style name
    - /path/to/styles_dir
    # will be published as maplibre_style
    - /path/to/maplibre_style.json
    - path: /path/to/style.json
      render: true
      render_formats: [ 'png', 'jpg' ]
      render_dpi: [ 1, 2 ]
  sources:
    # will be published as style1_FILENAME
    style1: /path/to/styles_dir2
    # will be published as style2
    style2: /path/to/americana.json
    # will be published as style3
    style3:
      path: /path/to/americana.json
      render: true
      render_formats: [ 'png', 'jpg' ]
      render_dpi: [ 1, 2 ]

```

  # A list of *.otf, *.ttf, and *.ttc font files and dirs to search recursively.
  - /path/to/font/file.ttf
  - /path/to/font_dir

# We support serving styles
# In the future, we plan on adding support for rendering too
styles:
   paths:
     # each json file in this directory will published as a style
     # The name of the file will be used as the style name
     - /path/to/styles_dir
     # will be published as maplibre_style
     - /path/to/maplibre_style.json
   sources:
     # each json file in this directory will publish as style
     # The filename will be used as the styles' id
     #
     # source_name1 will be logged and can be useful for debugging
     source_name1: /path/to/styles_dir1
     # will be published as style2
     #
     # source_name2 will be logged and can be useful for debugging

>      source_name2: /path/to/style2.json

Author: This part feels really akward to configure. Unsure if we should remove it for styles

Reviewer: perhaps.  It all depends on the "typical" use case. Would it be enough to point to a file? Point to a directory with multiple styles? Do multiple styles thing actually exists, or is it always a style by itself in a directory, together with additional assets like fonts/sprites?

>    paths:
>      # each json file in this directory will published as a style
>      # The name of the file will be used as the style name
>      - /path/to/styles_dir
>      # will be published as maplibre_style
>      - /path/to/maplibre_style.json
>    sources:
>      # each json file in this directory will publish as style
>      # The filename will be used as the styles' id
>      #
>      # source_name1 will be logged and can be useful for debugging
>      source_name1: /path/to/styles_dir1
>      # will be published as style2
>      #
>      # source_name2 will be logged and can be useful for debugging
>      source_name2: /path/to/style2.json

Reviewer: @CommanderStorm I would propose to change the behavior of the parser to this logic.  This will allow us to configure directories that also contain additional assets (icons/images/fonts).  I don't think `sources` section should ignore the IDs as it does now.

```suggestion
   paths:
     # publish all *.json files in this directory
     # The name of the file will be used as the style name
     - /path/to/styles_dir
     # publish a single file - here `maplibre_style` will be the style name 
     - /path/to/maplibre_style.json
   sources:
     # publish first JSON file found in this directory as `style_name1`
     # If more than one JSON file is found, Martin will print a warning
     style_name1: /path/to/styles_dir1
     #  Publish specific file as `style_name2` style source
     style_name2: /path/to/style2.json
```

Author: lets remove the `source_name1` vs `source_name2` confusion factor. Looks too much like `source.1` for tiles.

```suggestion
   paths:
     # publish all *.json files in this directory
     # The name of the file will be used as the style name
     - /path/to/styles_dir
     # publish a single file - here `maplibre_style` will be the style name 
     - /path/to/maplibre_style.json
   sources:
     # publish first JSON file found in this directory as `some_style_name`
     # If more than one JSON file is found, Martin will print a warning
     some_style_name: /path/to/styles_dir
     #  Publish specific file as `style_name2` style source
     other_style_name: /path/to/other_style.json
```

Author: @nyurik
Am fine with said change.

Though, what will happen if said warning happens => `some_style_name.1`, like for tiles?

Also, likey with an sorting. => alphanumeric or [natural](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natural_sort_order)

> If more than one JSON file is found, Martin will print a warning

Reviewer: I guess we can just skip dirs with multiple json files for the sources section? With a warning. Btw, we really need treat warnings as errors option, but that's separate feature

Author: So the following?
=> drawing a bit of attention to the different "ability" of `paths` vs `sources`

```suggestion
   paths:
     # publish all *.json files in this directory
     # The name of the file will be used as the style name
     - /path/to/styles_dir
     # publish a single file - here `maplibre_style` will be the style name 
     - /path/to/maplibre_style.json
   sources:
     # publish the JSON file found in this directory as `some_style_name`
     # If more than one JSON file is found, Martin will print a warning and ignore the folder
     # If you require serving multiple styles in a folder, we support either naming them explicitliy or publishing the path
     some_style_name: /path/to/styles_dir
     #  Publish a specific style as `other_style_name` style source
     other_style_name: /path/to/other_style.json
```
